hello everyone with you zhdanov Ivan given
video tutorial we will look at both how
how to hold the rackets properly
efficiently and optimally for you
such a lesson for beginners and thought to be
useful times for already playing an athlete
This is what the content of the racket
table tennis
we hold the racket so we paid a finger
we had along the bottom of the lining and
the thumb she could put them
parallel to the bottom of the lining
sometimes the first error occurs when
put your thumb here so
already climbing directly to the left
brain racket part to find out when playing with
left to do so that the ball was
more convenient to push but the same position
finger but ultimately leads to what
hard to play left right that is already
when I'm more difficult draw
left right then finger starts walking
racket though it starts more
hang out in your hand and so what else mistakes
there are guys using athletes
when they hold the racket first they
happen to climb up very much either
forefinger
and where is one finger
I finger is so even holding part
the bribe area was given a little eager
we keep pretty so modest for
edge of
What are the features of the racket?
only and how do they affect the rackets and we
see that pretty big so
the edge is only on we take it from us this
parts she is about close and she
so we get a call
rackets with large edges like this can
take a little farther bones even
moving away from the edge of the racket if bright has
pretty kim small edge small then
You can take a dense straight specifically as
can be closer to the very lukas racket
this increases control with the racket and
the game is just in on the table over 100 times
convenient to play when we keep on
racket yes we increase the length
take and we have increased power we
we can take further that is it already
brother-in-law game technique therefore
experiment try differently
brothers racket to play it will be
let you grow your skills faster
The second type of racket support is a pen.
when well come and come easier from
China is usually Chinese
athletes play and this style
holding itself like that
hold the pen with two fingers
grasp the racket and the rest
clenched into fists either the world could be
even promoted so what idea at all
pen games
the first racket to play the pen she does not
this form is not specialized
handle that pain is comfortable to keep her so
Grip and taking the pen than interesting
that we can almost change only
taking the sword already take at all points
cancel on the right
centralizer
on the left if we play European grip
That's the way that we are taught that
on the right we take on the left we take
and here we can say about our
right shoulder arises so dead
zone that on complexity alone left the sun
on right
such a perk to tell him when playing this
grip and rum flu difficulty
arise and yes we play left because
it is quite necessary to the ball and
close prescription style pen nip he
implies playing more attacker and
style more aggressive environment
supports
children's athletes
in this video lesson 7
attention was important